Prompt to code anything you can imagine with Figma Make.
by Figma

The Challenge
Start with an idea and prompt your way to a functional prototype or web app, fast.

Figma Make empowers you to turn ideas into reality with AI-powered design tools—generate, iterate, and build faster, all in one creative space. How far can you push the creative boundaries, what insights and problems can you solve through quick iteration and collaboration, and how can you differentiate with design quality? The Figma Make challenge asks to push the boundaries and improve the speed and efficacy of your concept to design a development workflow. Share your creative insights and learnings through the process, we want to see what you make and how you got there.

To win this challenge, you don't have to produce the FINAL output with Figma Make. You can use it just to prototype your ideas!

Insight
Use Figma Make to speed up your exploration of new ideas, prototyping, and differentiating your project. The winning project that utilizes Figma Make will be selected based on the craft and quality of their final project.

Resources
Figma will have mentors from the Figma Advocacy team and the Figma MCP product team at the event with deep experience in product design, prototyping, and product development.

Figma will provide access to Figma Make for all hackathon participants through a free upgrade code. Each participant can upgrade a team within their Figma account to Figma Professional for the duration of the hackathon. This upgrade will give participants access to Figma’s entire suite of products and AI tools, including Figma Make.

Company Info

Figma
Figma’s platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, launch faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world.

Website: https://www.figma.com/

Prizes
1st Place
3000€


